you see me mad to mercy
baby
that gives me broken on the Swiss acedia
you stone records it's a bitch to blow
the whistle I'm the riff for the gay
cousin cow shout give appeared in the
mir to see me hugging and hold the black
with a black got a problem you get try
don't fold it don't break that's the
rules I was glad I'm in do so was to dig
baling up three pills on the mission for
the screegit
my son it is I who the fuck
with the money-making market place you
lose your life cuz you fucking equals
one you can come up to these niggas be
talkin
they bought a pod of mine cuz we coming
foot with the nerd singing my widget
talking by going down in the side bar
comas in the dough and we here to keep
in mind take some trash that bullets
Lanza this do you prefer the Marcy be
you stop records here we here to do the
job
make them slob on a knob do it magic
nurse mom Krispy Kreme little puppet our
white your damn job bitch yeah come on
wide your damn child bitch